I'm not allowed to press the button. You're just a repairman. Please open the door for me!
This kind of grass is only knocked by people, who, early in the morning?
Who are you trying to cultivate your hands with? Are you thinking about this little brat?
You can't be nice, you?
say what?
Me, you talk back to me!
Never mind my cute mouth, what is Bu Daying talking about?
Let go, when will you be respected enough to walk away, and your feet will change?
I sent him away for a week, and Guiguizuizi just came back last night.
Where have you been?
I went to Lingzheng and I had something wrong. What happened?
Ling Zheng, when I went to Ling Zheng for a while two days ago,
Why didn't I see you?
That means we didn't go there alone as a joke.
Our brother is more like Guangling Town
Where else can you go to me?
I think you are new to this class?
I would sing yesterday after you came back secretly
Dear fighting dog
It’s about grasping whether it’s better to sell something or not.
Who doesn't know that Liu sold it for more than ten years and was ready?
The village is only eight years old
Why are you so new to contact?
You are an undesirable person.
It's said to be a heavy one
It’s because of your heavy karma